PROJECT SPECIFICATION
MyReads: A Book Lending App

Application Setup

CRITERIA
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
Is the application easy to install and start?

The application was created with create-react-app and requires only npm install and npm start to get it installed and launched.

Does the application include README with clear installation and launch instructions?

A README is included with the project. The README includes clear instructions for installing and launching the project.

Main Page

CRITERIA
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
Does the main page show three categories (or “bookshelves”) for books (currently reading, want to read, and read)?

The main page shows 3 shelves for books.

Does the main page allow users to move books between shelves?

The main page shows a control that allows users to move books between shelves. The control should be tied to each book instance.

Does information persist between page refreshes?

When the browser is refreshed, the same information is displayed on the page.

Search Page

CRITERIA
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
Does the search page have a search input that lets users search for books?

The search page has a search input field. As the user types into the search field, books that match the query are displayed on the page.

Do the search results allow a user to categorize a book as “currently reading”, “want to read”, or “read”?

Search results on the search page allow the user to select “currently reading”, “want to read”, or “read” to place the book in a certain shelf.

Do selections made on the search page show up on the main page?

When an item is categorized on the search page, and the user navigates to the main page, it appears on that shelf in the main page.

Routing

CRITERIA
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
Does the main page link to the search page?

The main page contains a link to the search page. When the link is clicked, the search page is displayed and the URL in the browser’s address bar is /search.

Does the search page link back to the main page?

The search page contains a link to the main page. When the link is clicked, the main page is displayed and the URL in the browser’s address bar is /.

Code Functionality

CRITERIA
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
Does the project code handle state management appropriately?

Component state is passed down from parent components to child components. The state variable is not modified directly - setState() function is used correctly.

Books have the same state on both the search page and the main application page: If a book is on a bookshelf, that is reflected in both locations.

Is JSX formatted properly?

All JSX code is formatted properly and functional.



11/13 - notes - make bookshelfs a comp?? 
ISSUES>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
I. Format of the books is not right - had to use the props on the object you're bringning in b'c it has the shelfs as a props in it, use that instead of manually writing, anything, if you're manually writing stuff, its WRONG! - or at least double check to make sure Why you're manually typing in things! 
III. xml tage in the book-cover showing as an error!? 
II. GOOD === Loading in the books from the API 
-make a state for each of the bookshelves then use setState in order to be able to set the bookshelf type for a certain book, make the options changeable as event handlers?? 
>>for bookshelf the books have a shelf prop on them, use that to set the state of the book when the user chooses a different shelf! 
>>have to load each of the shelves themselves ALSO as JSX into the UI using return
SOL - approach rendered the bookshelves as their own component instead of mapping over it individually - just saved as a stateless functional component. 
>because each book from the books api already has all the props you need on it, thats all you have to worry about, you don't have to manually hard code the names of the shelves or anything, becuase you can load them up from the api and bring them in as props in the jsx for the ui  
Look up how search page syntax is working, find out how its all doing its magic to function correctly 



11/14 - check code, reqs and ask, ask ask, turn in friday move onto redux 

11/15 - seems to be good, need to double check to make sure I understand everything going on in there. 